New blogpost prerelease 1.1 (#9)
DGtal-team/dgtal.github.io: _posts/2020-04-01-regularization-polyscope.md

---
layout: post
title: Preparing release 1.1
---

We are currently working on the release 1.1 of DGtal. To give you a glimpse of this new version, here you have a quick demo:

![Video](../img/regularization.mov)

This video showcases:

> * the reconstruction from a low resolution voxel set using [DigitalSurfaceRegularization](https://dgtal-team.github.io/doc-nightly/moduleRegularization.html),

Author: ```suggestion
* a quad mesh reconstruction from a low resolution voxel set using [DigitalSurfaceRegularization](https://dgtal-team.github.io/doc-nightly/moduleRegularization.html),
```

> * from normal vectors obtained from [Integral Invariants](https://dgtal-team.github.io/doc-nightly/moduleIntegralInvariant.html) which have been piecewise smooth regularized using the [Ambrosio-Tortorelli functional](https://dgtal-team.github.io/doc-nightly/moduleGenericAT.html)

Author: ```suggestion
* from normal vectors obtained from [Integral Invariants](https://dgtal-team.github.io/doc-nightly/moduleIntegralInvariant.html) which have been piecewise smooth regularized using the [Ambrosio-Tortorelli functional](https://dgtal-team.github.io/doc-nightly/moduleGenericAT.html),
```
